feat(deepagents): add remember command (#2307)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/cli.mdx

## Use skills

You can use [skills](/oss/deepagents/skills) to provide your deep agent with new capabilities and expertise.
Once you have added skills your deep agent will automatically make use of them and update them as you use the agent and provide it with additional information.

> If you would like to explicitly prompt your deep agent to update skills and memory based on recent interactions use the `/remember` command.

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like to explicitly prompt your deep agent to update skills and memory based on the current context from the thread use the `/remember` command which loads a custom instruction to review the context and perform updates.
```
